add known issue about libreoffice issue for spreadsheet generation (#296)
algoo/preview-generator: README.rst

2. launch ``Xvfb :99 -screen 0 1x1x16 > /dev/null 2>&1 &`` (note: this use a very small x framebuffer 1x1 pixel in 16 color depth to limit video usage).
3. run python code with env var ``DISPLAY=:99.0``

Process Stuck during generation of big spreadsheet preview
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> On old libreoffice version like 6.0.7.3, the generation of some big spreadsheet file (like xslx) is stuck, until it reach

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With libreoffice version like 6.0.7.3, the generation of some big spreadsheet files (like xlsx) takes a very long time, until it reaches a 1 minute timeout.
```

> a 1 minutes timeout.

Author: ```suggestion
```

The solution is to update libreoffice.

> In our internal test, the spreadsheet that failed to be generated in 6.0.7.3, is properly generated in 6.4.2.2. We advise you to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During our internal tests, we found out that the spreadsheet file that failed to be generated in 6.0.7.3 is properly generated in 6.4.2.2. We advise you to
```
